README.md, before:

[![License CC BY-NC-SA 4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-CC4.0-blue.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NVIDIA/FastPhotoStyle/master/LICENSE.md)
![Python 2.7](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-2.7-green.svg)
![Python 3.5](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.5-green.svg)

## FastPhotoStyle

### License
Copyright (C) 2018 NVIDIA Corporation.  All rights reserved.
Licensed under the CC BY-NC-SA 4.0 license (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/legalcode).

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NVIDIA/FastPhotoStyle/master/teaser.png" width="800" title="Teaser results"> 


### What's new
 
 | Date     | News |
 |----------|--------------|
 |2018-07-25| Migrate to pytorch 0.4.0. For pytorch 0.3.0 user, check out [FastPhotoStyle for pytorch 0.3.0](https://github.com/NVIDIA/FastPhotoStyle/releases/tag/f33e07f). |
 |          | Add a [tutorial](TUTORIAL.md) showing 3 ways of using the FastPhotoStyle algorithm.|
 |2018-07-10| Our paper is accepted by the ECCV 2018 conference!!! | 


### About

Given a content photo and a style photo, the code can transfer the style of the style photo to the content photo. The details of the algorithm behind the code is documented in our arxiv paper. Please cite the paper if this code repository is used in your publications.

[A Closed-form Solution to Photorealistic Image Stylization](https://arxiv.org/abs/1802.06474) <br> 
[Yijun Li (UC Merced)](https://sites.google.com/site/yijunlimaverick/), [Ming-Yu Liu (NVIDIA)](http://mingyuliu.net/), [Xueting Li (UC Merced)](https://sunshineatnoon.github.io/), [Ming-Hsuan Yang (NVIDIA, UC Merced)](http://faculty.ucmerced.edu/mhyang/), [Jan Kautz (NVIDIA)](http://jankautz.com/) <br>
European Conference on Computer Vision (ECCV), 2018 <br>


### Tutorial

Please check out the [tutorial](TUTORIAL.md).

Commit message:

Add scripts for domain stylization

README.md, after:

[![License CC BY-NC-SA 4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-CC4.0-blue.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NVIDIA/FastPhotoStyle/master/LICENSE.md)
![Python 2.7](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-2.7-green.svg)
![Python 3.5](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.5-green.svg)

## FastPhotoStyle

### License
Copyright (C) 2018 NVIDIA Corporation.  All rights reserved.
Licensed under the CC BY-NC-SA 4.0 license (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/legalcode).

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NVIDIA/FastPhotoStyle/master/teaser.png" width="800" title="Teaser results"> 


### What's new
 
 | Date     | News |
 |----------|--------------|
 |2018-09-24| Add [domain stylization tutorial](DOMAIN_STYLIZATION.md) showing how to use FastPhotoStyle algorithm for synthetic to real domain adaptation.|
 |2018-07-25| Migrate to pytorch 0.4.0. For pytorch 0.3.0 user, check out [FastPhotoStyle for pytorch 0.3.0](https://github.com/NVIDIA/FastPhotoStyle/releases/tag/f33e07f). |
 |          | Add a [tutorial](TUTORIAL.md) showing 3 ways of using the FastPhotoStyle algorithm.|
 |2018-07-10| Our paper is accepted by the ECCV 2018 conference!!! | 


### About

Given a content photo and a style photo, the code can transfer the style of the style photo to the content photo. The details of the algorithm behind the code is documented in our arxiv paper. Please cite the paper if this code repository is used in your publications.

[A Closed-form Solution to Photorealistic Image Stylization](https://arxiv.org/abs/1802.06474) <br> 
[Yijun Li (UC Merced)](https://sites.google.com/site/yijunlimaverick/), [Ming-Yu Liu (NVIDIA)](http://mingyuliu.net/), [Xueting Li (UC Merced)](https://sunshineatnoon.github.io/), [Ming-Hsuan Yang (NVIDIA, UC Merced)](http://faculty.ucmerced.edu/mhyang/), [Jan Kautz (NVIDIA)](http://jankautz.com/) <br>
European Conference on Computer Vision (ECCV), 2018 <br>


### Tutorial

Please check out the [tutorial](TUTORIAL.md).
